macOS: Fix crash when using --tray (fix #527), and invisible icon (fix #942, fix #668) (#1156)
nativefier/nativefier: docs/api.md

When the optional argument `start-in-tray` is provided, i.e. the application is started using `--tray start-in-tray`, the main window will not be shown on first start.

> Note: When creating a macOS application with the --tray option on a non macOS host machine, the tray icon will not be visible in the menu bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limitation: when creating a macOS app using option `--tray`, from a non-macOS build machine, the tray icon (in the menu bar) will be invisible.
```
